---
title: "Web3 Builders Gantree An All-in-one Infrastructure Toolkit for Substrate Blockchains"
# Enter the TITLE for your POST ^^^
date: 2020-06-03
# Enter the CREATED DATE of your POST YYYY-MM-DD ^^^
last_modified_at: 2020-06-03
# Enter the UPDATED DATE of your POST YYYY-MM-DD can be same as created ^^^
proj: 
  - 65
# Enter one or many PROJECT ID/s if POST is related to a PROJECT ^^^
categories: # Categories are: 
  - infrastructure
# Enter one or many category/s from the CATEGORY LIST ^^^
tags:
  - substrate
  - toolkit
# Enter one or many tag/s from the TAG LIST ^^^
sidebar:
  nav: "posts"
---

**By: Alexander Ramsey, CEO of Gantree**

The Gantree team are developing products that will democratise participation in the peer to peer economy by making it easy for organisations to create and operate their own node infrastructure. Our mission is to empower any organisation to grow and cultivate a peer to peer economy and we see reliable and configurable node infrastructure as critical to the success of that mission and Web3 attaining permanence.

We believe that to ensure a robust and healthy edge computing ecosystem it must be easy to operate node infrastructure with business-grade reliability and mass-market simplicity. Operating business-grade node infrastructure is a craft and if you don’t know this craft it requires hiring key personnel with specific knowledge or paying for an expensive turnkey solution which doesn’t give you the control you need.

Gantree’s initial product is an all-in-one infrastructure toolkit for Substrate-based blockchains. With Gantree you can:

1. Easily spin up, configure and tear down Substrate-based blockchain nodes on your preferred cloud provider or any machine you have SSH access to by using our CLI and a single configuration file, or our point and click web application.
2. Instantly spin up a dashboard to view telemetry and monitor various statistics about your nodes.
3. Monitor key metrics about any application specific blockchain and configure real-time alerts for these metrics.

## If you’re building with Substrate and Gantree sounds useful, we’d love to hear from you. We want what we build to help teams save money and ship faster. You can reach myself and Tom at our Flex Dapps emails:

📭 Alexander Ramsey — CEO: [alex@flexdapps.com](mailto:alex@flexdapps.com)

📭 Tom Nash — CTO: [tom@flexdapps.com](mailto:tom@flexdapps.com)

**You can find the Gantree Github repository to get started here:**

[flex-dapps/gantree-lib-nodejsLibrary at the core of Gantree Substrate is built on the core belief that the future will be multi-chain. In the past…github.com](https://github.com/flex-dapps/gantree-lib-nodejs)

# Demo

You can find a helpful video about how to leverage Gantree here:

<iframe src="https://cdn.embedly.com/widgets/media.html?src=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fembed%2FfQDwd8lOMqQ%3Ffeature%3Doembed&amp;display_name=YouTube&amp;url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DfQDwd8lOMqQ&amp;image=https%3A%2F%2Fi.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FfQDwd8lOMqQ%2Fhqdefault.jpg&amp;key=a19fcc184b9711e1b4764040d3dc5c07&amp;type=text%2Fhtml&amp;schema=youtube" allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="480" width="854" title="Gantree Sub0 Demo" class="ac ae af ew w" scrolling="auto" style="box-sizing: inherit; width: 680px; position: absolute; top: 0px; left: 0px; height: 382.188px;"></iframe>

# 👇 Sign up for Gantree’s upcoming Crowdcast webinar:

[Web3 Builders: Gantree | An All-in-one Infrastructure Toolkit for Substrate Blockchains - CrowdcastGantree is an all-in-one infrastructure toolkit for Substrate blockchains.www.crowdcast.io](https://www.crowdcast.io/e/web3-builders-gantree)








- 